what up y'all my name is tweet boogie I
represent the South Bronx had my first
hip hop crew at 14 done some work with
jay-z marriage a blige Destiny's Child
travel all over the world cause I teach
hip hop culture and right now I'm ready
to teach you some dances for the club
let's get it started
Chris Brown everybody wants to know how
to dance like Chris Brown where right
now you see him in a reject video going
off he's doing a cat daddy so right now
I'm about to cook that down so you take
your right arm and have scum in front of
your body in a circular motion towards
the opposite side of your body which is
on the left
boom good in a circular motion boom then
you're going to take the left arm and do
the other side too so let's try that
again
you have one two now you're gonna use
both arms on the side of your body and
you're gonna drop your knees like so
whoa
now you're gonna come up and boom let's
try that again
so you have down up seven eight down up
seven eight and down oh you got to drop
the knees and bring the hips back down
up try it again
seven eight and down oh now we're gonna
use our arms together one two seven
eight one two now we're gonna try to put
all those steps together so bring it
across your body one bring across the
other side two and down up down up let's
try it again six seven eight one two
damn up five six seven eight
have one too damn cup good you can
actually drop it a little bit lower than
act 7 8 & 1 CZ damn oh good
now we're gonna try it with some music
GJ here we go 5 6 7 8 1 2 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
n + 2 8 and to try a little quicker now
we're going to do them back-to-back to
set here we go
x5 6000 a then + 2 in 1 min and and last
time good it is y'all that's the cat
daddy you gotta be funky flash Koopa dum
fresh like Chris Brown go in go chris go
chris go chris go chris